Article_title
Wintry week ahead with multiple rounds of cold and snow into the weekend
Amy Redford shares the 'best thing' dad Robert Redford did while raising his family
Trump won't say whether he would use force to seize Greenland
Will Indiana or Miami win the national championship? Our experts debate
First case of measles reported on Clemson University's campus
Buffalo Bills fire head coach Sean McDermott after nine seasons
Pentagon orders troops to prepare for possible Minnesota deployment
Kurdish-led force clashes with Syrian troops near ISIS detainee prison
Novak Djokovic begins bid for 25th Grand Slam with efficient win at Australian Open
"For better or for worse, it's 2016 again on the internet"
The Hawks traded away their franchise star. Jalen Johnson is ready to be their next one.
'28 Years Later: The Bone Temple' opens behind 'Avatar: Fire and Ash'
"At Fernando Mendoza's high school, students are 'torn' on who to root for in the national title game"
Trump links Greenland threats to Nobel snub as Europe eyes tariff retaliation
Prince Harry returns to court for final showdown with British tabloids
"Smaller portions, more protein: How GLP-1s are quietly changing chain restaurant menus"
"A month after Epstein files deadline, only a fraction of DOJ records have been released"
Boy is in 'fight of his life' after being attacked by shark in Australia
"Bruce Springsteen dedicates song to Renee Good, decries crackdown on immigrants in performance"
Caleb Williams made the best throw of his life. Then he threw the Bears' season away.
'60 Minutes' airs report on Trump deportations that was abruptly pulled
"China's population falls for a fourth straight year, with births at lowest in decades"
"China's economy grows 5% in 2025, buoyed by strong exports despite Trump's tariffs"
"FBI asks agents to travel to Minneapolis for temporary assignments amid protests, sources say"
The NFL team with the scariest defense lost because it had one weakness — its offense
"At least 39 dead, dozens injured after high-speed trains collide in Spain"
"Senegal players leave the field, return to win Africa Cup of Nations in game full of chaos"
Here's the biggest news you missed this weekend
"Joan Baez, John Mayer among thousands celebrating Grateful Dead's Bob Weir in San Francisco"
"Wildfires race across Chile, killing 18 and forcing thousands to flee"
Rare Southern snow and Northeast storm disrupt holiday travel plans across U.S.
Trump's pardon of former Puerto Rico governor failed to include a relevant criminal case
'Make America Go Away': Denmark incensed by Trump's push for Greenland
Minneapolis mayor says it would be a 'shocking step' if Trump invokes the Insurrection Act
"Syrian forces advance deeper into the U.S.‑backed, Kurdish‑controlled northeast"
Venus Williams sets record at Australian Open in first-round loss
Europe may have reached its breaking point with Trump over Greenland tariffs
"Bessent defends European tariffs, calling the push to acquire Greenland a 'national emergency'"
Trump's latest Western Hemisphere fixation: Canada
A viral question for young Chinese people living alone: 'Are you dead?'
Prince Harry's final battle with U.K. press could lead to reconciliation for exiled royal
Army reservist says he's spent weeks trying to free his wife from immigration detention
"Why Iran's regime, facing internal and external threats, has no clear leader in waiting"
Portugal votes in tight presidential race with far-right candidate poised to reach runoff
"The 'Cardiac' Bears keep making comeback wins, but can they sustain it?"
Death toll in Pakistan shopping mall fire rises to at least 10
Trump ban on new foreign drones could raise prices and shrink choices
Trump encourages Rep. Julia Letlow to primary Sen. Bill Cassidy
Driver who ran into Fourth of July crowd in New York City sentenced to 24 years to life
Abigail Spanberger sworn in as Virginia's first woman governor
Bo Nix breaks ankle during Broncos' overtime win over the Bills
New York Giants hire John Harbaugh as coach weeks after Ravens firing
E.U. to hold emergency meeting on Trump's Greenland tariffs threat
U.S. military says it killed Al Qaeda affiliate leader in northwest Syria
'We protect our kids': Parents and neighbors guard streets around Minneapolis schools amid ICE fears
Jan. 6 provocateur says he was stabbed at pro-ICE Minneapolis rally
Trump calls for new leadership in Iran following nationwide protests
"Kianna Underwood, former Nickelodeon star, killed in hit-and-run"
"Storms slam eastern U.S. with snow, snarling holiday weekend travel"
"Federal officials investigating Renee Good's partner, sources say"
Trump hits eight European countries with tariffs in push for Greenland purchase
Trump's Gaza board of peace brings Tony Blair back into the spotlight
Egypt welcomes Trump's offer to mediate Nile River water dispute with Ethiopia
Protests in Iran appear to have slowed as Khamenei claims Trump personally 'encouraged' unrest
Ukraine officials arrive in U.S. for security talks as Russia attacks energy sites
"Meet the Macuga sisters, who became Olympic-class athletes by accident"
Three division rivals are jockeying in the playoffs. Will one make the Super Bowl?
Fraud scandal and ICE unrest scramble 2026 races in blue-leaning Minnesota
NASA rolls out 11 million-pound moon rocket in preparation for astronauts' launch
Multiple Labor Dept staffers are on leave amid internal probe into Secretary Chavez-DeRemer
Global AI race makes Greenland's critical minerals a tempting target
